doc[sec-websocket-extensions]: change from `comma-separated` to `semicolon-separated` (#40116)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/sec-websocket-extensions/index.md

The HTTP **Sec-WebSocket-Extensions** {{glossary("request header", "request")}} and {{glossary("response header")}} is used in the [WebSocket](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API) opening [handshake](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API/Writing_WebSocket_servers#the_websocket_handshake) to negotiate a protocol extension used by the client and server.

In a request the header specifies one or more extensions that the web application would like to use, in order of preference.

> These can be added as in multiple headers, or as semicolon separate values added to a single header.

Reviewer: I think this is incorrect based on the spec. The extensions are comma separated. The parameters, if any, are semicolon separated. Your fixes are right though, because we're only showing single extensions in each case with multiple parameters. This was confusing.

```suggestion
These can be added as in multiple headers, or as comma separated values added to a single header.
Each extension can also have one or more parameters — these are semicolon-separated values listed after the extension.
```

## Directives

- `<extensions>`

>   - : A semicolon-separated list of extensions to request (or for the server to agree to support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A comma-separated list of extensions to request (or for the server to agree to support).
```

>     These should be selected from the [IANA WebSocket Extension Name Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/websocket/websocket.xml#extension-name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These may be selected from the [IANA WebSocket Extension Name Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/websocket/websocket.xml#extension-name) (custom extensions may also be used).
```

- `<extensions>`
  - : A comma-separated list of extensions to request (or for the server to agree to support).
    These are commonly selected from the [IANA WebSocket Extension Name Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/websocket/websocket.xml#extension-name) (custom extensions may also be used).
    Extensions which take parameters delineate them with semicolons.

## Examples

### WebSocket opening handshake

> The HTTP request below shows the opening handshake where a client supports the `permessage-deflate` extension with `client_max_window_bits` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP request below shows the opening handshake where a client supports the `permessage-deflate` extension (with `client_max_window_bits` parameter), and the `bbf-usp-protocol` extension.
```
